(Shino)
All right, then... our final
lesson begins right now!
Uhh... Sensei... Are you, like,
mad about something?
[freaked out sigh]
[grunt]
Listen... I don't know
what you did, but hurry up
and apologize, all right?!
Sensei's seriously lost it!
Ya think!?
We're so sorry, Sensei!
Whatever we did, we
really regret it!
(Shikadai)
You apologize too, Mitsuki!
(Mitsuki)
Huh? Why am I involved?
(Boruto)
Why should I apologize?!
Heh... No, there's no need for
anyone to apologize any more.
And the reason why is... that
I'm going to kill all three
of you right now...
Huh?
What the‐‐ what did
you just say, Sensei?
Argh!
Is this really happening?!
Oh, wow. I didn't know you
could use them like that.
Now's not the time
to be impressed!
Shino Sensei is coming
after us, for real!
You gotta to be kidding.
[gasp] Is that what
I think it is...?!
♪♪
I've had enough of not being
taken seriously by my students
no matter what I do...
...and having all my
hard work backfire.
I've had enough of everything!
[gasp]
[sinister chuckle] It seems like
everything I was worried about
was a lie...
...But now, I've been
liberated from all of that!
That's right! Just
like these insects!
Tell me how that old saying goes
‐ be careful of the quiet ones?!
This again! Just like
what happened to Metal!
It's what?!
[sigh] We've got to stop him.
Even if it means roughing the
guy up a bit.
Stop me? So that's your plan?
And you really think you're
capable?
Shadow Paralysis Jutsu!
It failed?!
[grunt]
[gasp]
Boruto! Damn... even if we stop
some of the insects, there's
still too many!
[freaked out gasps]
It's nothing but a waste of time
trying to teach you kids.
Troublemakers who always give
their teacher a hard time.
Lazy and indifferent ones who
don't want to listen.
And disruptive outsiders.
So now, I've given up on
bothering to teach you
anything more.
And instead... eliminate you!
Wind Style... Immense
Breakthrough.
[gasp]
I had no idea you could
do something like that!
Where to now?
[insects munching]
Struggle all you want.
Try to do your best...
...But my insects will follow
you everywhere you go...
[panting] I never thought that
this could happen to Shino
Sensei, too.
This situation with Shino Sensei
feels different than the others.
He said he was going to kill
us, right? Did he mean that?
(Shikadai)
He was using his insects
to absorb chakra...
...He only fights
like that when he's serious.
So, yeah, I think Sensei's
serious about killing us.
But if all this is the same as
with Metal, we could try
knocking some sense back into
him.
Trying to do that
would be suicidal.
According to my Dad, Shino
Sensei has jonin‐level skills.
Even the three of us
combined are no match.
Well, all right, then... let's
ask another teacher for help.
I don't think
that'll work either.
The Parasitic Insects' chakra
is spreading at an alarming
rate through this forest.
And we are deep in
the middle of it.
It's quite likely that they will
locate us long before we will
ever make our way out.
Are you serious?! So, you're
saying we're completely trapped
in here?!
This is all your fault! 'Cause
you made Sensei snap in the
first place!
And even worse, you had
to get us involved!
Come on! I'm not the only one
who drove him to this point.
Besides, who gets like that
just 'cause of what we did?!
[sigh] So, what exactly is this
shadow thing that only you're
able to see?
[slurp]
[sigh]
Oh, hey, Anko...
Where is Shino now?
Hm? According to his schedule...
He should be conducting
extracurricular lessons.
I see... He seemed to be
feeling really depressed
yesterday.
I hope that he hasn't been
brooding over things too much.
Don't worry, I'm sure
he'll be fine! [munch]
Running around out there in the
woods with his students is bound
to help him to burn off a lot of
his stress.
I sure hope that's the case...
I'm worried that what I said to
him... might've caused him even
more anguish...
[panting]
What? I'm surprised he hasn't
caught up to us yet...
I mean‐‐
Ohhh! Bugs! Bugs!
Bugs! Argh!
[groan] Idiot. This isn't one
of Shino Sensei's insects.
Huh?
It's so confusing! How
can you even tell?!
Hm?
Come on, let's go.
Well in that case, since we
haven't seen Sensei's insects,
it must mean that we've lost
him! Right?
Listen... don't let
your guard down.
Yeah, but, come on! We haven't
seen any sign of him for a long
t‐time!
Huh?
What's the matter now?!
I've found you!
[screaming]
You shouldn't have
said anything!
[freaking out] This way!
Other, this way!
Boruto! A paper bomb!
Yeah, all right!
[grunt]
[explosion]
Did it work?
Even explosions don't
work against them?!
What do we do now?!
Face it, you don't have a
chance. Not if you're up against
my Parasitic Insects!
All you can do is run, just run.
Run until you understand that
it's all in vain.
[panting]
(Thinking)
They avoided the water?
Does that mean...?
(Boruto)
Hey, Shikadai!
Hurry up! This way!
Yeah, okay!
[freaked out]
(Mitsuki)
To be honest, it's kind of a
letdown watching them...
Let's see if I can
inspire them a bit.
[bird squawking]
I'd forgotten about how it
feels, this sensation of being
in battle.
I guess that I was never
actually meant to be an
instructor, after all[laugh]
[panting breaths]
(Shikadai)
So where have you been
all this time, then?
I got lost.
This is pointless, guys.
There's just no way we
can outrun him.
(Mitsuke)
Hey, Boruto...
You said this happened to
someone other than Shino
Sensei, too?
Huh...? Oh, yeah.
Before this, there were a couple
guys who started acting weird
like Shino Sensei is now.
And I was able to see this
creepy shadow‐like thing
around them.
For some reason, I seem to be
the only one who can see it.
Oh, I see.
(Thinking)
I can't pin down why, but I
think he knows something.
Well, anyway, we all better get
outta here and keep moving.
No, just stay put.
If we don't have a plan, then
he's just gonna catch us again.
Plus, Boruto, you still haven't
recovered the chakra that was
taken from you earlier.
So what are we
supposed to do?!
If we can't escape... then the
only other choice is... to kill
Shino Sensei.
What? Kill him!? What are you
talking about?! How could we
even do that?!
After all, that's
his goal, right?
So why's it wrong if we try to
do the same thing to him?
(Shikadai Thinking)
What is up with this guy!
If we don't do
anything... We're done for.
Yeah, but still, there's some
things that you just don't do!
Hang on, Boruto.
Look, setting aside killing
Sensei. there may be a way to
win, depending on how we go
about it.
Huh?
Haven't you noticed?
Earlier, Sensei didn't
give a thought to how much
chakra he was using.
He just let the
insects go wild.
Hey... Yeah, you're right!
In other words, since Sensei's
snapped, he's lost his usual
presence of mind.
We can use that to
our advantage.
But if we can't get rid of those
insects, then I don't see how
we're ever gonna get close
enough to do that.
I have a plan in mind.
What?
But for it to work... I'm going
to need someone to take on a
dangerous role.
(Boruto)
So, what you're talking
about is a decoy strategy?
That's right. And I think the
transfer student here might be
the perfect choice.
Shouldn't the person who
suggests the idea be the decoy?
Unlike the two of us, there's
not a drop of sweat on you...
Considering that you just used
Wind Style, it seems that you
still have chakra left, too.
Oh, I see. I think that's a
good enough reason to send a
comrade to their death.
...But!?
Besides, after seeing how you
extended your arms before, I bet
you still have secret weapons up
your sleeve.
Well, then?
(Thinking)
Boruto may trust you
but I don't.
And I don't know what
you might be plotting.
Time to me what you're hiding!
(Boruto)
Hold on...
[gasp]
Let me do it. I'll be the decoy!
Huh?
You're right. I haven't
recovered my chakra yet.
But I am still able to
create Shadow Clones!
You idiot! It's way
too risky for you!
You could die if
you're not careful!
Look, we drove Sensei to the
tipping point and pushed him
over the edge, right?
I think it's time for me to take
responsibility for my actions.
And... I also want
to save everyone.
Boruto...
Everyone...? Then all the more
reason that I'm the perfect
choice.
'Cause if push comes to shove‐
That's not it. By "everyone" I
mean Shino Sensei, but I also
mean you, Mitsuki.
I'm not gonna give up until the
end. I won't let anyone die!
I'll soon find out...
if he's my sun.
[gasp]
I understand. But even so,
there's something that I
want you to let me do.
[waterfall crashing]
[sinister chuckle] It seems
you've finally given up and are
prepared to meet your fate,
Boruto!
Yeah, right! I'm just done being
chased by you, so instead of
running...
...I'm gonna take you
down right
[grunt]
[shouting]
That's the oldest trick in the
book. And this one's a shadow
clone too...
As is this one...
[scream]
And the real one...
[gasp]
Same trick again!
[explosion]
[gasp] What!?
No you don't! Not when
I'm this close!
Looks like we failed.
[grunts]
[sinister chuckle] At least
you're both keeping me
entertained!
But what's happened
to the other one?
Huh?
What's wrong, transfer student?
Aren't you going to help them?
Well, whatever. I'll
leave you for later on.
Let's review, shall we? Your
Shadow Paralysis was to drag me
into the water.
You figured the insects could be
contained in water, right?
I can see right through a
half‐baked plan like that.
[chuckle] I guess we're gonna
find out if that's true, Sensei.
It looks like you've lost most
of the insects that you can
control.
[gasp]
Mitsuki, now!
[grunts]
Should've focused more on him!
(Thinking)
Not a bad strategy. But...
You didn't think I had any
insects that could be used
underwater, huh?
Don't underestimate my clan's
Parasitic Insects!
Lightning Style: Snake
Lightning!
[grunt]
Lightning Style should be able
to penetrate his body while he's
sending out the insects.
That's true even if he
is a jonin.
[gag]
(Thinking)
I didn't think there was any way
to stop him other than killing
him...
I didn't know you
could fight this way.
Oh, It seems that I've used up
way more than I anticipated...
Oh well, I don't really care
either way....
(Boruto thinking)
Don't give up!
Boruto... you're‐‐
No...! No, the
current's too strong!
What did I do...?
[grunt] Oh no...!
[gasping]
(Thinking)
My chakra is... but if i give
up now, those two will...
[struggling grunts]
Damnit! There's no choice‐‐!
Wait! I'll go!
Sensei!
Summoning Jutsu.
Boruto!
[grunt]
[gasp]
[panting]
[sputter]
Shino Sensei!
(Shino)
I'm very sorry, all of you.
Shino Sensei...
Clearly, of course... I
wasn't exactly myself.
To think I'd attack the very
students that I should be
protecting!
Like you said, you
really weren't yourself!
That's right. I only vaguely
remember it but it's like I had
no sense of reality...
It felt as if I was possessed
by something...
[grunt]
Even if I wasn't myself, what I
did to you is unforgivable.
I'll tell the administration
it was my fault.
And once I do that I'll
resign from the Academy.
Uh! But, hold on a second!
Nobody really got hurt. You
don't have to be so dramatic
about it!
And besides, it's our fault for
getting you all worked up in
the first place...
Right, guys?
Oh, yeah. Right.
I don't think that any of us
realized just how much all of it
was weighing on your mind...
I'm sorry.
(Boruto)
By the way, I had no idea you
were that strong, Shino Sensei!
[sobbing] You guys, I...
Aw, what's wrong!?
You're like an
open book, Sensei!
Quiet!
[laughter]
Is there anything he can teach
us at this point?
Now I understand...
Maybe there still is...
Hm? Did you just say
something, Mitsuki?
No, nothing.
Shino... You might not have the
best people skills I've ever
seen...
...But you never stop trying to
reach out to people.
And that's the reason why you've
been blessed with such good
friends.
The spirit of never giving up,
no matter what. That's the
natural gift you have as a
teacher.
I'm sorry.
...but as to where and when I
initially became psychologically
affected, I have no idea
whatsoever.
Well, in a sense, I suppose that
it's a blessing in disguise that
you weren't entirely yourself.
Yeah. If Shino had been normal
and attacked them for real,
Boruto and the others wouldn't
have stood a chance.
[sigh]
I gotta thank you, Shino, You're
always doing your very best,
looking out for them.
It must be tough with a
bunch of difficult kids.
Naruto! That's true. It's just a
pity that he took after you so
much, isn't it?
Huh? Yeah, I can't really
argue with that!
[laughs]
In any case, we're dealing with
some kind of mysterious power
that can affect even jonin‐class
psyche.
You're right. Looks like
there's a situation brewing in
our village that we can't
ignore.
I know that you're busy, but do
you think that you could help us
investigate, Shino?
Absolutely, Lord Seventh.
♪♪
(Cho‐Cho)
You guys, isn't it obvious
that I'm wasting away?!
(Sarada)
Uh, I guess so...?
(Sumire)
She's been like this
ever since it started.
We can sense someone watching,
but we never see them...
What is going on?
(Cho‐Cho)
I'm so anxious, I haven't been
able to eat properly.
(Sarada)
But you're eating right now!
(Cho‐Cho)
[scoffs]
Next time on Boruto Naruto Next
Generations: "Love and Potato
Chips!"
(Cho‐Cho)
Stalkers are sticky like
natto, and I can't stand it!
♪♪